heat one pan containing 1.5 liter of
water when the water is boiling get one
pack of clear spring Ilan doodles and
add the whole pack to the pan
stir and leave to cook 10 minutes
get a buff of crystal to your shape and
pour 200 milliliters into a separate pan
then add 1 liter of water to dilute the
problem for a hot soup we add five parts
water to one part suitable so does not
do strong for drinking
heat the pan in straw play
get a policeman wakame flakes but one
tablespoon worth in a small bowl or time
full of water make sure you have plenty
of water
leave yourself ten minutes the seaweed
should have expanded and fill the bowl
completely
drain and remove from the water cut into
smaller pieces
vikarma is a popular topping for a hot
Japanese noodle dish
stir the noodles to avoid sticking for
the bottom or side of the pan
drain the udon noodles into a sieve 150
these noodles are traditional slow dried
organic noodles from Japan cut the root
off the spring onion then slice into
large diagonal pieces
but the CEO is boiling at the wakame
seaweed and the spring one finally the
udon noodles
leave the boil for a few minutes until
the noodles are hot
Tokyo Dome is convenient as it is very
simple and quick to make
we made this dish using clear spring
organic food or noodles to your noodle
broth it's taught me flakes and for the
vegetables we used spring onion you can
also make this dish using any of our
other noodles in the range they've
assortment has a cooking time of only
three minutes so it is a perfect
alternative noodle this quick dish
you